[Music]
9th Plan IC Kumar has introduced a very good
critical illness plan called
CRISIL Plus. It is a very
good critical illness plan. It has some
unique features. If you are looking for a critical
illness plan for yourself, then this is a super
plan and can fulfill your needs. Let's
start this
festival. The company has
defined such speculations in it that there are
major and minor diseases of cancer. Girl Hot and Subscribe,
definitely major
and minor diseases of Allah towards the nervous system.
If the policy holder gets it, then the
company
sets it and the contract of that basket goes
over. You have selected 5 baskets, the
contract of that biscuit will go over. It happens that
if you get a claim once in a critical illness policy, then the
policy is not renewed after that. But
in this plan,
you cannot renew the basket for which you have claimed,
your policy for other boxes will
continue and if
you have any of those diseases,  If a major disease is diagnosed, then
one hundred percent of the 7 minutes
is available and if the disease is used for a month, then
twenty-five percent of the 7 minutes
is available and after getting twenty-five percent,
in the future, if the policy holder is
again diagnosed with a major disease, then the
remaining 75 percent is given to the policy holder. There is
some limit on minor diseases in this, 25 percent of the means
and the maximum can be up to Rs. 12.5 lakhs.
Its limited edition in some different countries is
5 lakhs.
Talking about eligibility, anyone
can subscribe. First of all,
106 have been
subscribed in this and if you have a preliminary
requirement, then you can
subscribe.
Subscription is done for cancer
disease.
[Music] It is a
good feature that cancer restoration
benefit can be optional. If someone gets
cancer, then after a waiting
period of three years, the policy holder can get 50 percent of the minutes in two ways.
After a waiting period of 3 years,  The
third
option feature that can be claimed is IPL scheduled accident policy in this plane, in this
death permanent disability
is covered, if we
talk about the policy then you can take it for one, two or three years
together, if we talk about it then we are
putting it on the screen which you can see
that
if any disease occurs due to any kind of appointment then
any company will do it, you should
subscribe before taking it and
can also check on the website, please
subscribe,
if you liked the video then
we keep bringing such information, so
please like our channel and
subscribe, thank you for watching